Gwenevere Abriel: Joshua Lopez.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hello, two seconds. Let me just hit send on so you go find a comfy place for that phone.
Joshua Lopez: One quick second just putting something away.
Joshua Lopez: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got me down. Settle somewhere.
Joshua Lopez: I'm holding it. I'm sitting down trying to find a place that I can put it and still
Joshua Lopez: Sit down a quick quick little thing real quick, nice if I could flip this around.
Joshua Lopez: Little messy, but I got my couch.
Gwenevere Abriel: Looking to you got on love it.
Joshua Lopez: Yeah I ordered it from Amazon. Cuz I can't buy furniture in you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know,
Joshua Lopez: Either wait a little while but I'm still on. If you can see my dining room still empty in my dining room.
Joshua Lopez: Just Can't Wait to finally go shopping.
Joshua Lopez: I'm gonna try in the living room. Let me see if I
Joshua Lopez: Can
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Here's a suggestion. So oftentimes phones have cords out of the bottom. But if you have to two stacks of books or Tupperware that sit on the side that hold the phone up and then you got something holding up the back and the cord can be coming out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something like that, so it's fine. This is fine. It's just not great for if I want to do any MTR with you. I need to be I level with you.
Joshua Lopez: Okay, yeah, that
Gwenevere Abriel: You're ready. See if you have something to sit stack up like a crate like a stool or what else is big, a suitcase. What else is big.
Gwenevere Abriel: Big, big, big, big, big basket.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take your time. I'm going to open up a note. Okay, no rush. Okay. Oh, I'm getting closer. I'm not hating that
Joshua Lopez: Yeah. Almost got it.
Joshua Lopez: Okay, so
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is much improved so remember this setting for future times to we want to grab that and start the day like that. Okay, let me get a note here. So any big changes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any big changes in health of children, health, your health, family health any big changes going on.
Joshua Lopez: No health wise schedule with my kids has changed a little bit.
Joshua Lopez: Used to be where you know i worked and they stick with their mom as soon as I got off of work I picked him up for my days off. We're trying something new for the kids, mainly because
Joshua Lopez: They wouldn't have a chance to get settled, you know, they'd be with me two or three days, then it was back to their moms.
Joshua Lopez: Right. Same thing up there for two, three days back with me. So we're doing on my short week I have them the entire week you know and I work my god daughter, help me watch them on network. Okay.
Joshua Lopez: And I'm a long week there with her.
Joshua Lopez: Which of course I enjoyed last week was my short week I enjoyed having them or seven 3D, it was, it was nice coming home from work and then being here. I was different.
Joshua Lopez: Because of course, I never had them when I was working, and then the data that I picked them up you know my last day of work. I'd go get them. It was nice to come home and and have them here. It was real nice. Of course, this week kinda hate in it because I don't have them.
Joshua Lopez: At all. It was really weird. I did ask her. However, if I could go pick them up today.
Joshua Lopez: She said, finding you know i'm going to hang out with them, at least until she gets out a word.
Joshua Lopez: Just because i i i don't know how she does it. She can go a week without seeing them. I can only go a couple of days and I start really missing them.
Joshua Lopez: They are, you know, I just missed the pitter patter of little feed or even the whining Miss of my son when he gets hurt or, you know, we just
Gwenevere Abriel: Ok ok alright so still very aware of that emotion of
Gwenevere Abriel: When I'm alone with myself. I'm not excited about it. I'm not, like, Yeah, I get to do all my personal things I want to do you still aren't in that yet.
Joshua Lopez: No, I just with them. No, I mean, I just
Joshua Lopez: For me, I don't ever see them as holding me back. You know, they just I do miss them a lot.
Joshua Lopez: Even before we switch the schedule just coming home to the empty house, you know, even though I didn't have energy to really play or or hang out with them. It was just, it was nice to come home and just have them here, you know,
Joshua Lopez: Most days I get home from work and I am too tired to do anything. So I didn't mind the old schedule.
Joshua Lopez: Not having them when I got out of work, just because I was up for maybe two hours each hour watch a little bit of TV and pass out, you know, but having a whole day without them. It's kind of weird definitely weird
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's this is brand new. So it makes sense that there'd be an adjustment.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what you did was you tried to get them over. That was your solution right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay actually going to go pick them up when we're done here.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, now in this time. One of the things that we had talked about was creating
Gwenevere Abriel: This sense of play that also is engaging in some Spanish and some cooking. It's like an all in one. I get to hang with my kids I get to be practicing Spanish doing things. I love having fun. It's not focused on material things like it was hitting a lot of the buttons.
Gwenevere Abriel: All at once. What did you end up doing was it nothing or some sort
Gwenevere Abriel: Of something
Joshua Lopez: Kind of like baby steps with the whole cooking thing. You know, I have a ton of groceries my excuse was I didn't really have a kitchen to cook home cooked meals are eating out a lot.
Joshua Lopez: To kind of baby steps when they were with me last week I cook dinner. A couple of times, which they enjoyed. I enjoyed
Joshua Lopez: You know, it just kind of, kind of like baby steps. It does feel feel a little weird just cooking for us three
Joshua Lopez: Something also brand new to me. So I'm just adjusting to getting back into a routine of there with me. We're eating home cooked meals were, you know, once I get
Joshua Lopez: A routine down of what I can cook, what I can do, you know, because a lot of the stuff I face to cook was for a family of four, you know, to adult my daughter, he, he said.
Joshua Lopez: Now I got to find meals that I'm not overcooking, I guess, you know, it's my daughter will eat pretty pretty decent all eat good my son. He's a small guy. He doesn't eat a whole lot don't just trying to find a balance with that I am kind of proud that I i finally am stepping up and
Joshua Lopez: Finding the motivation to to to cook for them because they deserve that, you know, they don't need to be eating fast food all the time.
Joshua Lopez: So I did that as far as spending more time with them as well.
Joshua Lopez: When they were with me that week I had the couch came in two big old giant boxes I had boxes that I got from work when I move that we're still here. So as I was throwing them away my daughters. Like, what if we build a fort dad.
Joshua Lopez: I kind of ran with that as, like, you know what, we can not only build one, but we'll build one planet build the second one planet in a building like five four
Joshua Lopez: It was awesome.
Joshua Lopez: Then I went and got
Joshua Lopez: I know if we're trying to get away from just material things. But I went and got us like a board game. I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it
Joshua Lopez: I don't know if you remember the old at gaming Dungeons and Dragons.
Joshua Lopez: Yeah.
Joshua Lopez: But that's that takes a long time. And it's probably too complicated for the kids. I got
Joshua Lopez: This thing. It's called five minute dungeons.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does it on the age range on the bottom. Does it meet your children's age range on the bottom is
Joshua Lopez: Eight plus
Joshua Lopez: My son will be
Joshua Lopez: Eight in July. So he's close enough to it.
Okay.
Joshua Lopez: So, and it's really fun, it's not complicated. It's something that we ended up playing
Joshua Lopez: For almost the whole night with my sense like Dad, I really want to play video games like no son. Let's have some time me you and your sister. We're, we're all together.
Joshua Lopez: You know, and I told him we play for like an hour. By the time we're done playing three and a half hours went by and, you know, it was, it was fun. It was, it was fun. It's something that they deserve.
Joshua Lopez: Just that last talk with you kind of made me
Joshua Lopez: made me realize that
Joshua Lopez: I can't think that I deserve something or she deserved something, it's what they deserve. They deserve quality time, not just
Joshua Lopez: You know, going through the motions getting by day by day, it's more of they deserve more they deserve home cooked foods quality time I'm something I'm definitely definitely excited about in definitely villain improvement that I've made for them.
Joshua Lopez: And I can. I hope to continue to improve off of that, you know, that's why I say baby steps, maybe a couple weeks we will have that Spanish night, you know, I'm just building up towards it, for sure. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you did that step, which was you got out of the sense of deserve and you moved into sort of this empathy space of this is what the kids deserve to and it might be hard to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you're feeling like, Oh, I'll have to face that I am not having this adult meal. It means you're going to have to face the reality of my wife is not here, and you did it, it was uncomfortable and yet you're like it's in my face.
Gwenevere Abriel: To face little eaters to little picky tiny little eaters and me the big eater.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whereas the other one. Okay, I'm in it you faced it. So yeah, it's you have a lot to be proud of. And it's not just about I got up and I thought about the meal you can be proud of. I face the fact that another piece of evidence.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's not living with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You did it. And did you end up getting high.
Gwenevere Abriel: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: That means you lived through it. You literally created brain tissue that didn't exist there before. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am proud I am very proud of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it was probably hard at moments. Other times you may have noticed. Oh, now I'm having final. Now I want to cry. Oh, now I'm having fun. And now I want to cry. Right. It moves back and forth and back and forth, but ultimately
Gwenevere Abriel: did it meet your belief system what you believe in, in a core place inside of you. I make healthy meals for myself and for my family.
Joshua Lopez: It did, it did and it felt better than just where do you guys want to go eat. You know, or what do you want me to go get about 1000 times better than that, you know,
Joshua Lopez: I've been promising them spaghetti and meatballs for like two weeks and I didn't do it.
Joshua Lopez: I just. It felt weird, you know. So doing those home cooked meals, it just like you said, if that were my core beliefs that this is who I was. And this is who I am. And this is where I need to be rather than chick fil a is a
Joshua Lopez: Quick
Joshua Lopez: Easy simple fix, you know, which wasn't my core beliefs. You know, I believe that eating out every now and then. Is it should be like a reward every now and then not something that you live off of, you know, so if it did feel good.
Joshua Lopez: It did. And like you said it was facing kind of like another piece of reality.
Joshua Lopez: And I've done pretty good the past couple of days.
Joshua Lopez: Prior to that, I did feel
Joshua Lopez: Did feel pretty sad. I mean, I got to the point where I even called her just because it was so intense.
Joshua Lopez: No, I'm not proud that I called her a just
Joshua Lopez: I was really, really, at that time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember the thoughts Josh chemical you were thinking
Joshua Lopez: I'm
Joshua Lopez: Just
Joshua Lopez: Missing her like crazy like crazy, crazy
Joshua Lopez: Just missing her just
Gwenevere Abriel: When you call her didn't meet the need
Joshua Lopez: Not really know
Joshua Lopez: It just like I was about
Joshua Lopez: Eight use the word I felt kind of desperate for
Joshua Lopez: Connecting
Yeah.
Joshua Lopez: You know, and with all this going on, it kind of brings up a not an obstacle, but I guess sort of like another obstacle, you know, there's social distancing. You can't hang out. And so I really just felt isolated, you know, not talking to my parents.
Joshua Lopez: You know, I just felt really alone and isolated that I
Joshua Lopez: Had a moment of weakness, and I called her just
Joshua Lopez: You know, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So although I won't label it the same way you do.
Gwenevere Abriel: In fact, maybe we should talk about that a little bit. It isn't weakness. Every single one of us unless we're
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of antisocial personality disorder. We're going along for that connection, but that doesn't make you broken or week it's were made that way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you want that connection and you can feel it sharply you enjoy it. When you're your daughter's there your son's there. You feel close, no one's there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I can hang with my new friend. I can't go to the gym. I'm not at work. I can't buddy around there. I'm not distracted by by this new job.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's a couple of things. Number one, changing this definition that you have of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because if you change the definition
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't think this desperate. I don't think you're going to reach what you're labeling desperation. I'm wondering if you change it, just to
Gwenevere Abriel: Be this situation is going to call for some other really proactive skills. I'm going to have to join some online memberships here. Just gonna and what are they going to be
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you want to do. What have you been kind of thinking, maybe I'll check this out. But you're like, now then I'm gonna what are ones that you thought about doing and you hesitated too long and didn't get it done didn't sign up for it.
Joshua Lopez: Nothing really. I mean,
Joshua Lopez: I didn't really put a lot of thought into it. I just
Joshua Lopez: I don't know. I'm these feelings kind of came through and
Joshua Lopez: I was at work. So like
Joshua Lopez: Usually work and distract me and
Joshua Lopez: And and keep me occupied. It was just, it was weird. I was like,
Joshua Lopez: I'm gonna say like two, three days.
Joshua Lopez: After my daughter's birthday like leading up to my daughter's birthday and like two, three days after her birthday. I just was overwhelmed by this billing to talk to her.
Joshua Lopez: Specifically her, you know,
Joshua Lopez: I don't, I really don't know why.
Joshua Lopez: Just, I don't know if it was just, you know, the date that my daughter's birth or I don't know.
Joshua Lopez: I don't really know why I did it, or wife out that way.
Joshua Lopez: But
Joshua Lopez: It just, I don't know it, it felt
Joshua Lopez: felt really weird to call her and tower, you know, then I still being disorder I Mr. A lot
Joshua Lopez: And I've been thinking about her.
Joshua Lopez: Which I know is probably not the thing I should do.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's what your truth was so, so what
Gwenevere Abriel: What was her response. What did you get back
Joshua Lopez: Then really
Joshua Lopez: Really nothing that
Joshua Lopez: That's that. Then, you know, I kind of knew fallen world and going to make me feel better and it kind of confirmed it when I called her and I told her, these things because wasn't like I got I miss you too, or, you know, I didn't get nothing like that. It was just
Joshua Lopez: Kind of awkward.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you stayed on the phone for five minutes or like 21 just down there.
Joshua Lopez: For about 10 minutes or so.
Joshua Lopez: I like 10 minutes
Joshua Lopez: Kind of told her you know
Joshua Lopez: Mr. A lot. A
Joshua Lopez: Mysterious her voice or laugh.
Joshua Lopez: Or smile.
Joshua Lopez: It was weird, too, because
Joshua Lopez: One of those nights I went to lay down and I literally I swear to you I could like smell her
Joshua Lopez: And there's nothing in my house that would have her sit on it. But it was so weird. As I was laying down. I like smelter said it like I can't explain it, because there was. There's literally nothing here of hers that wouldn't have that, you know, like, that's how intense
Joshua Lopez: My missing her was, I guess, like that's how intense it was that out of nowhere memory just popped up a sense and I could smell it clear as day like if it was right next to be
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so those don't surprise me you lay down and it's very often that that smell was there when you lay down, who's in her pillow is in her clothing and was on her skin.
Gwenevere Abriel: And those two things. Remember Dr OBL talks about wire together right because they were fire together, laying down and having that sent went hand in hand in that room when you use to share together so
Gwenevere Abriel: You lay down and what got connected remembered was the smell that went with laying down in bed.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it doesn't surprise me the same way you may get triggered to us because you've got a smell you like what just happened. You may not even a we aware of a cent, having been a trigger or something, some other Q
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not trying to change the focus back to recovery. But my point is the brain made connections at the time that you may not be conscious of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just, you're not you, this makes a lot of sense what just happened. Okay. You have a lot of history of laying down and sent those to a lot of them put together.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're sleeping. How many hours and that sense right there. So there's a lot of hours, put together of laying down in that sense was present reinforce reinforce reinforce reinforce so it doesn't surprise me.
Joshua Lopez: Yeah, nearly, nearly 12 years of it took
Gwenevere Abriel: A long time
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go back to this word connection.
Gwenevere Abriel: I agree.
Gwenevere Abriel: Connection is a human sort of instinct that we have. We want it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you want it and you went to an old familiar one and didn't quite meet the need
Gwenevere Abriel: And with this social isolating and makes it even more of a challenge. And so you can either throw your hands up and say, Well, too bad, so sad. I'm going to feel bad, or you can turn it crank it up.
Gwenevere Abriel: work even harder at it, we started to play around with it a little bit last time, but I'm pressing in again and saying,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not quite meeting the need, you can't reach out to your mom because she's just not a best friend.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your wife is not emotionally available to just not to have been for a long time, but she's not right now, but that doesn't mean that your need for connection can't find a place. So I want to talk about where you can go for it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We all have that
Gwenevere Abriel: I get mine. My friends do. There's you need to do yours. You're not broken because you want connection.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's talk about where else you can get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Brainstorm
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you do
Joshua Lopez: One thing that helped me because like I said, the past couple of days. I had been doing better.
Joshua Lopez: Is the old friend of mine.
Joshua Lopez: Not somebody. I'm like attracted to or want to be, it was somebody that would just go with for a long time, she was kind of nerdy
Joshua Lopez: She brought up one of our conversations you know because because we've been texting each other, you know, she's like, I remember
Joshua Lopez: In middle school, some some girls were starting to pick on me and you told her you you told them to leave me alone. She's cool and she
Joshua Lopez: She's like, I remember remembering like wow I'm not cool. But that's cool. He did that, you know, and I've been I just been texting her she
Joshua Lopez: She somebody that I knew her husband from work. That's how I kind of reconnected with her her ex husband, any way that like five kids together.
Joshua Lopez: And she said one day he came home, he told her he was having an affair. They were divorced, a month later, he has a kid with this new girl. So, you know, we've kind of kind of share stories and she's kinda
Joshua Lopez: Kind of giving me inspiration. You know that
Joshua Lopez: You can move forward. You can
Joshua Lopez: You know,
Joshua Lopez: And she somebody probably the only person that I outside of you that I can tell you know like out of Christ session, you know,
Joshua Lopez: And, you know, and. She'll. She'll honestly be like, you know, it's cool that you share that with me and I appreciate that, you know, and then Joe kind of give me her feedback and you know it's it's
Joshua Lopez: I don't wanna
Joshua Lopez: I don't want to like depend on that, but she has she did help me this past week with what I was going through
Joshua Lopez: Because if I didn't have anybody, anybody. I don't really don't know how bad things would have gotten you know
Joshua Lopez: Abitur it kind of
Joshua Lopez: kind of kept me level helped me to continue my week to get up, go to work.
Joshua Lopez: That is one thing you you had told me last week, I think it was
Joshua Lopez: Kind of really resonated and stuck with me was
Joshua Lopez: You're doing all of this and you know you're not giving yourself enough credit, you're going through
Joshua Lopez: You know recovery, you're starting a new job you moved into a new place you're dealing with a divorce, you're dealing with separation from your kids and you're still going. It's something that kind of tell myself when I get down like
Joshua Lopez: Who the hell can do this much at once, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not sure I'm not bullshitting you just the see why FD thing alone just that one just that little piece right there good white people out
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't see it. You guys just it baffles me how you don't see your strength.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I know I sound like I'm blowing smoke up your ass but i'm not i'm in off.
Joshua Lopez: It definitely is served as inspiration. You know, there's morning i mean you know how depression works. There's times where you don't want to get up and you don't want to do anything.
Joshua Lopez: You know it's four o'clock in the morning and I'm feeling that way. And I kind of
Joshua Lopez: tell myself who
Joshua Lopez: Who else could do. Who else could get up. Go work 12 and a half hours building this low still come home, you know, like I just a kind of a used it as inspiration for sure.
Joshua Lopez: And another thing is I keep telling myself things won't be like this forever. You know, eventually, there will be a change. I don't know what Ben or where or how but it'll be like a spark that'll it'll change, you know,
Joshua Lopez: I don't feel like this forever.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Joshua Lopez: I tell myself that and
Joshua Lopez: Often pray about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Josh Let's do let's do some different kind of work today. Okay, let's take what you just said, Let's build on it. Let's get it even more solid do me a favor.
Gwenevere Abriel: My lips are so chap would you go into your into your kitchen or somewhere and find to doesn't matter. I don't care what it is. It can be shampoo bottles for all I care. It can be
Gwenevere Abriel: These are drinking containers to go cups. They could be lotion. I don't care what it is, get two objects that are pretty tall, about the same height and put him right if you can
Gwenevere Abriel: What I want is right next to the phone. So I don't have three hands, but it would look like this, these two objects would be about shoulder height right to the side of the phone.
Joshua Lopez: Would they have to be visible on the screen.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I won't see them. They're going to be right next to your phone, you'll see them right next to the phone. I will not see them at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna go throw some water in my drinking container while you get yours. I will be moving quickly and
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want to introduce is that
Gwenevere Abriel: The em Dr concept and I want to bring in think I've done that one time with you. Right.
Joshua Lopez: Okay, so I got him. They're kind of crooked.
Joshua Lopez: Everything rigged on a stool and then
Joshua Lopez: That are stacked up so about those are kind of leaning in.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll see. Let's see. Let's let me just check. So what I'm looking for is I'm looking for things that are about, let's say shoulder width apart in front of you. So if your arms were to go straight out those hands would touch them, and they'd be about shoulder width apart, that right
Gwenevere Abriel: Good and their level, they might be off by a little bit, but maybe you could be looking at just sort of the shoulder part of the bottle, instead of the top of it to sort of get the eyes moving horizontally at the same level.
Gwenevere Abriel: So those things that you're looking at one to look at your eyes do a check and see, we're just going to check
Gwenevere Abriel: You pull your screen up a little bit bigger. I want to be able to see your eyes. So I'm going to set the pace with my finger, and you're going to look at the top of the objects and I'm gonna look at your eyes just to see if they're moving
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, does that strain them. Are you a little close maybe sit back even an inch with your head just that was that was about a foot that me just about an inch. Let's just see.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not bad. I don't hate that. Okay. I like it. I like it. And did that one hurt, did that strain the I
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, um, check your volume. Let me hear you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can hear you.
Good. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, yeah, I heard the, um, okay. Nicely done. So that was our sound check and we got a good, a good piece for that for the movement. And I'd like to have an idea that once with you. I've done this. I've done at one time, have an eye or this is going to be the first time.
Joshua Lopez: This might be the first time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Out. Okay, so I could spend the whole half hour talking about what it is. Or I could just dive in. What would you like to do
Joshua Lopez: just dive in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I'll give some instruction then today is
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to be a positive interweave which means I'm going to be asking you to be thinking about your resource team. I'll be asking you to think about the Rottweiler that sense of protectiveness of your brother, the nurturing aren't Auntie, Judy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your kiddos right as nurturers and then Russell Brand and Yoda as the wise figures.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and I'll do some guidance around that and yes you can laugh. Of course, you can laugh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because we do learn when we're happy we take things in when we're happy we we definitely can learn a lot better when we are not repulsed and disgusted by something so I definitely think giggling is is perfect for this.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just to explain a little bit what I'm going to be doing really and then what kind of your role is. So as always, your job.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is to catch and pay attention to the next thing that happens to if the next thing that happens is that you feel a tear. Why then, you'll say I'm I'm crying.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you might label the emotion you might tell me or if the next thing that happens because I'll be inviting it and they'll say what's coming up for you and you'll know what to do because I'm a guide and I tell you what to do. I'll be containing and guiding the whole time.
Gwenevere Abriel: But another piece of this is imagery and other pieces. This is cognitive so you might have a memory a thought you might have an emotion you might have a physical feeling okay any of those. I'm interested in
Gwenevere Abriel: What I'm not interested in is you analyzing running it through a filter and deciding well I can't see this to go in, I gotta say this, this is what she wants to hear
Gwenevere Abriel: They'll get in your way. If you know anything about me. I want the raw truth, nothing but the truth, sir, right, because that's going to be the most genuine part of whatever's coming up. And that's the part that I want.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't do any people pleasing, even if it's a cuss word and it's something that surprise you. I can't believe I just thought that where the heck did that come from. I want to know it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now you know you know your role is just to sort of not in a long statement, it'll be something quickly. Maybe one sentence, boy. Now I'm thinking about
Gwenevere Abriel: My cat. I can't believe I haven't thought about that in a long time, and you're done. That's all you're going to say it's a real short little statement.
Gwenevere Abriel: What I'm going to be doing is I'm going to be doing em, Dr. And what that stands for his eye movement doesn't have to be I movement. If you were here, you'd have little buzzers in your hand.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you're not, so I have to do it with I'm movement, but I'm looking for is a bilateral stimulation, which means left and right side of
Gwenevere Abriel: Of the hemispheres left and right side of the brain. And that can happen a lot of ways I could be if you were here, it could be tapping the outside of your knees.
Gwenevere Abriel: You could have the pulses, you'd have headphones on and you'd be hearing sounds and each year. So it doesn't have to be I movement.
Gwenevere Abriel: I hate the name of it because it sounds like it has to be a movement. It doesn't, but it will be today so I movement desensitization.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's where we won't be doing that today I'll be asking you to pull up a negative piece of memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: And a negative cognition and it's sort of like exposure therapy and you'll be sitting with it. Second after second after second while you're having this bilateral stimulation, which I believe is a distraction and allows you to reprocess that information. So, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the basics. That's really fast.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I also do even more than that. I do what's called attachment focus, em, Dr. Which means you're not doing this alone. You're doing this with another human being that cares about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so some other things can be going on, besides just this bilateral stuff and the reintegration of information that maybe didn't have a narrative before you're dealing with someone
Gwenevere Abriel: And that has an impact, too.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to be paying close attention to, to that piece as well. There might be times when I say now, look at me. So that sort of thing might come up
Gwenevere Abriel: In general, this is what an iteration will look like. Here we go. And then we'll get into it, it'll probably the whole thing will basically look like this pattern.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, Josh would like you to think about these images, I'd like you to hold it in your working awareness. I want you to watch the pace of my finger and and once you look at these objects. And I want you to hold that in your awareness and just keep looking left and right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And about 30 seconds will, alas, and I'll say, inhale through your nose with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And exhale out. And let's let your mind go blank.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I'll say what's coming up for you and you'll tell me, and then I'll say go with that. And then we'll do it all over again. I'm going to be here to guide you don't have to remember any of that. I'm right here. As you know, I got a big old mouth love to boss people around so
Gwenevere Abriel: I love being a guide. Okay, I'm right here. All you have to do is what
Joshua Lopez: Be honest. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay attention. Try not to censor it. Ooh, I just got angry. Oh, I just got sad little. I don't want to do this. I want to know my stomach just turned. I want to know those things. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or there's resistance or there's a whole new image that comes up. I want to know. And so let's together. Take a nice nice deep breath, inhale through the nose and nice really big belly breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then they are nice and slow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Joshua, I want you to turn inwards. Close your eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now where once you were focused on what you saw through the video and what you heard with your ears. I want you to turn in to the sense of body sensation, just notice the temperature of the room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice how it feels to be in your couch.
Gwenevere Abriel: To be supported by that couch where your back meets the couch, where it doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Aware of where your seat bones meet the cushion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or your knees and calves.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where they make contact with fabric, the air and then your feet let those feet rest flat on the ground.
Gwenevere Abriel: And become aware of gravity. Isn't it amazing how they pull you to the center of the earth.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is quite consistent
Gwenevere Abriel: Just be aware of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Allow that gravity where once, maybe you were fighting in holding the shoulders up, let it drop down
Gwenevere Abriel: As it pulls those shoulders down to the center of the Earth gravity pulling you down consistently without interruption.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'd like to start to bring into your imagination.
Gwenevere Abriel: This resource team of yours, the Rottweiler
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like you to picture of being with that animal its protective nature sure and true.
Gwenevere Abriel: It knows what to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: It knows to protect
Gwenevere Abriel: And also your auntie Judy wanting for you, your potential
Gwenevere Abriel: Your full growth.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we're going to stay with them for now and just just move over to also the wise figure
Gwenevere Abriel: Russell Brand
Gwenevere Abriel: Having lived through his own recovery.
Gwenevere Abriel: He has read so much and he sharing it with the world.
Gwenevere Abriel: And Yoda so wise so settled and confident in his wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can picture the Rottweiler
Gwenevere Abriel: And Yoda interacting
Gwenevere Abriel: Communicating with you there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bring in Russell Brand
Gwenevere Abriel: Being aware of the nurturing figure of your auntie, Judy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have them all together. You just pay attention to what comes up with everyone. They're
Gwenevere Abriel: Just tuning into that interaction.
Gwenevere Abriel: Noticing their faces and maybe somebody morphs into somebody else or something happens where it just shifts and changes, that's okay to whatever happens.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right on time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me know when you're really collective in their mission that they are on your side. They are your team of resources when you really know it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, knowing that visualization is very clear for you. And then you'll open your eyes to let me you don't know all no
Gwenevere Abriel: No, open your eyes and hold it. Hold that imagery, hold on to it. We're moving, nice and slow top of those images as those containers, hold it in your awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your resource team.
Gwenevere Abriel: hold that in your awareness, the interaction. And I'd like you to add awareness of your body when you are thinking about this team.
Gwenevere Abriel: And exhale, letting it all go
Gwenevere Abriel: And let a quiet beat happen of nothingness in the mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's coming up.
Joshua Lopez: Visualize everybody. There's just so many random randomness to that group.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're going to go with that. So come back in. Hold that there's so many go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Josh
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you only want to be with some of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what to do. So what do you do with all of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to do first, and just make it happen in your imagination, what do you want to do with all of that protection nurturing system, all those characters.
Gwenevere Abriel: What feels intuitive and just make it happen.
Joshua Lopez: And my brother.
Gwenevere Abriel: Auntie and brother. Okay, so it is nurture and brothers protector.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And where are you, what are you doing with them, auntie and your brother.
Gwenevere Abriel: attention to your body. How does it feel to be enjoying her haven't seen in a while. How does it feel feel it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice what's your brother's doing if it's pure and simple protection. There's no mixed feelings, then he's just in the role of protection if that's true. What's he doing what's he doing in your mind.
Joshua Lopez: Walked in a deeper
Joshua Lopez: Let me be
Gwenevere Abriel: locked in and let me be with her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay attention to where he goes when he does after the hug.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there enough space for wisdom to be in there.
Joshua Lopez: Yeah.
Joshua Lopez: For the moment, I would like to buy my brother or with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's read in, inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: And exhale, this time as slow as you can as little breath out as can die slowly blown
Gwenevere Abriel: Your mind go blank. Let your chin fall forward, open up the back your neck lean forward.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just be present with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: See what comes up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sarah thought passing by.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your body awareness. Can you describe what it's like to be you right now.
Joshua Lopez: Being tired.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tired. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, open your eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: You cannot go without being tired and hold the imagery of aunty
Gwenevere Abriel: As nurturer and sort of a combination sharing the wisdom and your brother also protective and wise you are tired.
Gwenevere Abriel: He present with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep breathing into it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Quick
Joshua Lopez: I know
Joshua Lopez: Kind of lost being that feeling of being tired with the I
Joshua Lopez: just lost it a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: When she lives.
Joshua Lopez: At the end of being tired.
Joshua Lopez: Physically, Emotionally
Gwenevere Abriel: You lost it, meaning you you weren't focused on it or you were in it. You were, you were tired emotionally and physically just now.
Joshua Lopez: Or was tired, physically and emotionally
Joshua Lopez: I'm
Joshua Lopez: Going to distract me from it a bit. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Open up and let's do it again. Go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was tired, physically and emotionally and then this distraction.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something happened. Don't know. Just go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: bring into your imagination, bringing into your working awareness, your resource team your auntie and your weather.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are tired, physically and emotionally
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can bring the presence of your auntie and your brother.
Gwenevere Abriel: into that space into that truth, bring them all together.
Gwenevere Abriel: See what happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something changes have been like to hear what it is.
Joshua Lopez: Why
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you say, I don't know why I'm so tired.
Joshua Lopez: I know the thought of why I am fire.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sign is why am I tired. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why am I tired.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, see if there's someone in your room right you're with hopefully right these images, see who might know why first character that comes up who might know why.
Brother. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you look at your brother.
Gwenevere Abriel: nice deep breath key free then you're doing great.
Gwenevere Abriel: To hear you know what you're thinking, or do you need to ask him.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does he do, what does he say, what do you do, what do you say
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Time to like
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Be present with your auntie. That one's for you, your full potential be reached your full growth.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your brother.
Gwenevere Abriel: Knowing how to protect you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Knowing what to do in his wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you there.
Gwenevere Abriel: With nurturing protection in western
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep breathing into it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice big belly breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's exhale together. And after we let it all go let's bring our head down.
Gwenevere Abriel: For fetching touch the chest opening up the back of the neck.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's be in that quiet nothingness for even the moment if we can
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're ready, we'll take some time and we'll talk a little bit about what this was like for you. This is your first time doing this. Maybe you could
Gwenevere Abriel: Just observe what it was like for you.
Joshua Lopez: Distracting for
Joshua Lopez: The awareness of, oh,
Joshua Lopez: Really
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah so exhausted. You see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I get your heroism Joshua
Gwenevere Abriel: It's exhausting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a sense of wisdom inside to that there might be something to let go of. Not sure what it is, but I think you
Gwenevere Abriel: Might be pulling some energy away and the things that you want to focus on the goals that you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you have decisions to make, you may want to pull these characters in be present with them while you're deciding just sort of be present.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe going into a safe place in your mind and just being in that quiet of
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe I'll listen to what my auntie has to say and you listen to what my brother has to say or do we include them in this conversation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because they're they're good at sort of saying, you know, dude. It's only so much you can do here. Right. You're exhausted. You gotta pay attention to that we go too hard, push too hard. What will happen if we keep ourselves exhausted what's at stake.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of an interesting technique, isn't it.
Joshua Lopez: Yeah, definitely.
Joshua Lopez: We do.
Joshua Lopez: That
Joshua Lopez: Brother, you know, my auntie duty not fictional because she was somebody she passed away.
Joshua Lopez: I can't really talk to her.
Joshua Lopez: In a little
Joshua Lopez: Brother, I have talked to, and he has, you know,
Joshua Lopez: given me a bike similar to do that and
Joshua Lopez: At times I try and
Joshua Lopez: Buy
Joshua Lopez: It you fail if they haven't let go.
Joshua Lopez: And I haven't moved on. It is something that I do need to do
Joshua Lopez: This, I can't keep going, running on fumes and being exhausted.
Joshua Lopez: With a state is my dog moving forward.
Joshua Lopez: And eventually finding happiness. Again, if I don't
Joshua Lopez: Definitely, definitely need to start trying to
Joshua Lopez: Use what he's told me
Joshua Lopez: Am I here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
So maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Whether it's literally you call them and you talk with them. Or maybe it's journaling and writing down once and for all, if I
Gwenevere Abriel: made a decision not waiting for my wife, my mother and other people to make decisions. If I put my foot forward.
Gwenevere Abriel: And finally said, I'm done or what letting go with look like on your terms. I don't know what it is, but it may be through writing or let your dream life. Maybe it'll come up in there, or maybe from today, something will come up that really represents what you do that says
Gwenevere Abriel: If I did this one thing
Gwenevere Abriel: That would be symbolic of my letting go. Maybe you know what it is. Maybe there's a part of you that doesn't know i know i don't know but it'd be interesting to see what comes up with that being the invitation this week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let your dreams tell you, maybe a conversation, literally, with your brother or maybe through journaling or some other just sort of in the back of your mind, what would be the thing that would represent letting go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just sort of sit with that. And when we meet again or before you can certainly messaged me or something. But I'd be curious to know what that is.
Joshua Lopez: I would be very curious to know what
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Joshua Lopez: I've been trying to let go. I
Gwenevere Abriel: Guess but but you haven't done it like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pick up a piece of paper, dear, whatever, whatever. This thing is you need to let go of dear, blah, blah, blah. I'm letting you go, this is how I know I'm doing this, you write that letter and don't know ahead of time just you pick up the pen and you start writing. And then, there it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see what comes up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you'll find out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something's going to happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll find out what that is. So that's the invitation is to do some journaling right in there. If it's a letter you never going to send but you got to find out what that is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's meet again let's schedule another time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, again, we have this new group for next next Tuesday, which is April 21 and we got you in there and a couple other people
Gwenevere Abriel: And then we should have a couple of new people in there as well.
Gwenevere Abriel: I thought you might like that 12 o'clock.
Joshua Lopez: since we were little.
Joshua Lopez: I remember I messaged you about it but off the top of my head. I can't recall I'm group moving forward will be Tuesdays. Right. Well,
Joshua Lopez: Okay, so it's no longer Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. You're welcome.
Joshua Lopez: Okay, I just
Gwenevere Abriel: You can go to both if you have one of those insurance. It doesn't charge you a copay and it doesn't mean anything to you, you can go to all my groups if they're not in the same day as an individual or another group you're welcome anymore.
Joshua Lopez: Oh, OK. OK. I thought the whole group Monday was moving to Tuesday. I didn't realize that it's like a complete the new one, which is fine. I mean it. I just wanted to be clear that like moving over Today was my day.
Joshua Lopez: Because sometimes I
I forget.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So moving forward, I'll try to remind people, because it's a brand new group, group. I'll try to remind
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Joshua Lopez: Yeah 12 Correct, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's in your text to if you want to check it and then put it in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just to kind of get it in there. So next service for you is next Tuesday at 12 o'clock. Want to get in there. Maybe 1130 really have zoom has been
Gwenevere Abriel: Inundated, in fact, people couldn't even get in to the waiting room. It was somehow technically wasn't allowing people in. There's just a lot a lot of
Gwenevere Abriel: Clients people consumers of zoom and so it's it's challenging the the platform itself. So make sure you give your left self. A lot of time to get in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just think of it like traffic you know it you know I've got to drive all the way, you know, to, to an office. It's 45 minutes away. I've got to create time for that.
Joshua Lopez: I have noticed the wait time for virtual clinic is pretty long, um, you know, used to be able to check in, like 10 minutes and you were buying. Now, you give yourself 15 minutes in your bed in it kind of closes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's schedule another time to meet. And again, you're going to have to look at that work schedule of yours, and you're going to have to hold my hand on this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I don't know it. And do you have your work schedule in front of you or do you want to text me when a good day would be, what do you want to do.
Joshua Lopez: Um, I can definitely take you. I know next week. I have, I would
Joshua Lopez: prefer just to keep it to 211 event for for the week instead
Joshua Lopez: Of Tuesday.
Joshua Lopez: Individual Friday type thing. I would try and you know what I mean, just do to give myself time to
Gwenevere Abriel: How we meet on him. I can't, I don't know if this works for you, but Wednesday, April 29 at 12
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know. I don't know if you're working that day or not. I can't remember.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your schedule, but I'm gonna give you that date, go play with it. See if you hate it cross check just write me back and say, no, that won't work. I'm working
Joshua Lopez: Before 29th. Okay, I'll definitely I'll definitely take you back I I know my schedule but like the actual date.
Joshua Lopez: picker, whether that's a short or long week
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right, so what's, what's the invitation for you to explore a little bit in the coming week
Joshua Lopez: To maybe do some journaling.
Joshua Lopez: And see what letting go really looks like.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would be a symbol of it right. What would represent it is either Literal or symbolic something. And that's perfect, see what comes up and just give yourself that space to see there might be some crime.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know, but we might know if you're onto some truth if those tears are there. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I will see you in group next Tuesday. But if you also want to drop by another group, you can always ask virtual clinic, hey, when is when next group you're more than welcome to. Okay. Otherwise, we'll see you on Tuesday.
Okay, talk to everyone.